So he got some messages being displayed but was try to style this a little bit more and do a lot of
this work with bootstrap.
So instead of just returning a message list we're going to return a little bit of GSX or return a div
with a class name of Roll Call SMOP and it's out of here we'll make another div with the class of offset
one and call him of 10 inside here.
Let's make an ordered list with the class name
list group that's for bootstrap and our own idea of messages.
That's all right our own C S S The style is a bit more to make sure we close that well.
And inside of this you go out our message list let's see let's take a look at the browser and it's looking
a little bit better.
The messages are just lying in line.
So now it's our turn to add a little bit more styling in our index that us.
So let's add a little bit of styling for our messages.
So we're going to do is use that idea of messages.
How much had it any idea messages where there's any list of item inside.
I mean I actually don't have the style yet.
We'll add that into our list items in a second but we'll get this a display a flex we'll get those and
a line items of Flexcar and all of that padding for some breathing room or we will get to 7 pixels 20
pixels 12 pixels.
Can tweak this if you want to look a little bit different.
So we're going to write another selector where if there's an idea of a message that does not have the
class of no hover we're going to find all of the elements with a class of list group item inside and
target their hover C and when that happens we're going to have a background color.
It's going to be that similar grayish color that we had before which was 60 C-f 0 minutes in color that
we saw before.
So let's see this if is were first page not much is really being changed here because we have to add
that list group item class.
So we're going to do that inside of our message item.
So inside of our message item we don't really have any styling around any of these items.
And we want to make sure that each message item is actually a list item inside of those divs.
And here we'll get this a class name of list group item which is bootstrap and of styling that we've
done as well.
Let's make sure that the item is wrapping everything with the exception of the enclosing div.
Let's see if this.
And now it looks a whole lot better.
Now there's a little bit more that we'll have to fix and we'll do this in a leader video.
This should be a good start.
When we start adding another component call the user side instead of a message time on we're going to
display a little bit of information about the current user so let's go make a component called user
aside.
And this is not a very small component.
Second going to have any say so we're just going to pass in user aside and we'll pass and it will create
a file called user aside inside of our components folder
so inside of our message timeline we're going to display that user site with some props out of the profile
image you are all from Propst profile image you are in a username a process don't username and you could
disrupt your process if you want it above.
It'll do the same thing.
So we want to make sure in our message timeline we're passing down these props correctly.
So what component vendors message time line that is our home page.
We want to make sure we're passing in some information to this message time line and that's going to
come from the current user.
So I'll pass on a product called profile image you are out and that's going to be the current users
property but only current user will get that through user profile image.
We also want make sure it has a proper user name which is current user dot user type user name.
Our message timeline now has the Propst that is passing down to the user side.
This user is going to be a little picture of the user who's logged in and that's it.
So back in our user aside let's go make this component so let's import react from react.
It's going to be a state with a functional component.
We're also going to import a default profile image to make sure we spell that correctly.
From that our flash images slushed evolved Dasch profile dash image.
Doug GBG And once again we're simply going to make a component called Gezer aside and here will the
structure some of the props that we get my profile image you are all end user name
will then return a little bit of GSX
inside of this aside we'll give it a class name with a little bit of bootstrap styling.
We'll give that a call Esam to also make sure that inside of this aside we have a div with the class
name of panel panels fault.
It's just a little bit of bootstrap style and gear and inside of here we want to make sure that we have
a panel body and inside of the panel body looks at our image and the S R C is going to be either the
profile image that we're getting from prop's or if it doesn't exist the default profile image that we
have is an image in our images folder and we also attribute will be to user name.
Let's also give this a class name from Bootstrap of EMG dash thumbnail
let's can see this and take a look what we get.
Users that is not defined.
So we got to make sure that we're importing our user aside in the message timeline.
So let's get that from Flash users at.
Now it looks like x4 de-evolved was not found.
So we got to start making this mistake.
I guess I'm making this mistake and we're going to take out that user.
We're going to export the default user aside and we have a huge picture of your we can see that it's
actually pushing the items onto the next line.
So let's go set a with a hide on this specific image.
We didn't see s s or just specified is an attribute on that image.
So out of with 200 on a height 200.
And when we refresh the page it looks great.
That looks a lot better.
So a little bit more styling to go but we want to focus on next is the ability to add messages and to
delete messages that are only belonging to current users.